Add support for DynamoDB customer managed CMKs for server-side encryption (#11081)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/dynamodb_table.html.markdown

#### `server_side_encryption`

* `enabled` - (Required) Whether or not to enable encryption at rest using an AWS managed KMS customer master key (CMK).
* `kms_key_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the CMK that should be used for the AWS KMS encryption.
This attribute should only be specified if the key is different from the default DynamoDB CMK, `alias/aws/dynamodb`.

If `enabled` is `false` then server-side encryption is set to AWS owned CMK (shown as `DEFAULT` in the AWS console).

> If `enabled` is `true` and no `kms_master_key_id` is specified then server-side encryption is set to AWS managed CMK (shown as `KMS` in the AWS console).

Reviewer: 😎 Understandable how this snuck in since the API is inconsistent.

```suggestion
If `enabled` is `true` and no `kms_key_arn` is specified then server-side encryption is set to AWS managed CMK (shown as `KMS` in the AWS console).
```
